{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx284\tx568\tx852\tx1136\tx2840\tx4544\tx7952\lang1033\b\f0\fs22 Command\tab\tab Menu Item\tab Action\tab Command Details\par
\fs20 Create\par
\b0\tab CON\tab\tab\tab\tab Create Constant Matrix\tab Returns a constant array, defined as an array whose elements all have the same value.\par
\tab IDN\tab\tab\tab\tab Create Identity Matrix\tab Returns an identity matrix of the given size.\par
\tab RANM\tab\tab\tab Create Random Matrix\tab Returns a matrix of specified dimensions that contains random integers in the range -9 through 9.\par
\tab HILBERT\tab\tab\tab Create Hilbert Matrix\tab Returns a square Hilbert matrix of the specified order.\par
\tab VANDERMONDE\tab\tab Create Vandermonde Matrix\tab Builds the Vandermonde matrix (also called the alternant matrix) from a list of objects.\par
\par
RDM\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Redimension Matrix\tab Resizes the given array to the specified dimensions.\par
\par
AUGMENT\tab\tab\tab List/Vector Concatenate\tab Concatenate lists or vectors with elements, or create matrices from row vectors.\par
\u8594?DIAG\tab\tab\tab\tab Matrix Diagonal to Vector\tab Returns a vector which contains the major diagonal elements of a matrix.\par
DIAG\u8594?\tab\tab\tab\tab Vector to Matrix Diagonal\tab Takes an array and a specified dimension and returns a matrix whose major diagonal elements are the elements of the array.\par
LCXM\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Create Matrix from Program\tab From a program with two arguments, builds a matrix with the specified number of rows and columns, with aij = f(i,j).\par
\par
\b Element\b0\par
\tab GET\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Element\tab Returns the specified element from an array or list.\par
\tab GETI\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Element & Increment Index\tab Returns the specified element from an array or list, a copy of the array or list and the index of the element after the specified one.\par
\tab PUT\tab\tab\tab\tab Put Element\tab Replaces the object at the specified position in the specified array or list with the given object.\par
\tab PUTI\tab\tab\tab\tab Put Element & Increment Index\tab Replaces the object at the specified position in an array or list with a given object. Returns the new array, and the index of the next position in the array or list.\par
\par
\b Row\par
\tab\b0 RSWP\tab\tab\tab Row Swap\tab Swaps two rows of a matrix and returns the modified matrix.\par
\tab ROW+\tab\tab\tab Insert Row\tab Inserts an array into a matrix (or one or more numbers into a vector) at the specified position.\par
\tab ROW-\tab\tab\tab\tab Delete Row \tab Deletes specified row of a matrix.\par
\tab\u8594?ROW\tab\tab\tab Matrix to Rows\tab Transforms a matrix into a series of row vectors, returning the vectors and row count.\par
\tab ROW\u8594?\tab\tab\tab Rows to Matrix\tab Transforms a series of row vectors and a row count into a matrix containing those rows.\b\par
\tab\b0 RCI\tab\tab\tab\tab Multiply Row by Constant\tab Multiplies row of a matrix by a constant, and returns the modified matrix.\par
\tab RCIJ\tab\tab\tab\tab Multiply Row by Constant, Add to Row\tab Multiplies row of a matrix by a constant, adds this product to the other given row, and returns the modified matrix.\b\par
\par
Col\b0\par
\tab CSWP\tab\tab\tab Column Swap\tab Swaps columns i and j of the argument matrix and returns the modified matrix.\par
\tab COL+\tab\tab\tab\tab Insert Column\tab Inserts an array (vector or matrix) into a matrix at the specified position.\par
\tab COL-\tab\tab\tab\tab Delete Column\tab Deletes specified column of a matrix.\par
\tab\u8594?COL\tab\tab\tab Matrix to Columns\tab Transforms a matrix into a series of column vectors and returns the vectors and a column count.\par
\tab COL\u8594?\tab\tab\tab Columns to Matrix\tab Transforms a series of column vectors and a column count into a matrix containing those columns.\par
\tab\par
\par
\b Operations\par
\b0\tab AXL\tab\tab\tab\tab Convert List<->Array\tab Convert a list to an array, or an array to a list.\par
\tab AXM\tab\tab\tab\tab Numeric Array<->Symbolic Matrix\tab Convert a numeric array to a symbolic matrix, or a symbolic matrix to a numeric array.\par
\par
\tab TRAN\tab\tab\tab\tab Transpose Matrix\tab Returns the transpose of a matrix.\par
\tab TRN\tab\tab\tab\tab Transpose Matrix \tab Returns the transpose of a matrix. Conjugates complex numbers.\par
\par
\tab DET\tab\tab\tab\tab Determinant\tab Returns the determinant of a square matrix.\par
\tab CNRM\tab\tab\tab Column Norm\tab Returns the column norm (one-norm) of the given matrix\par
\tab RNRM\tab\tab\tab Row Norm\tab Returns the row norm (infinity norm) of the given matrix.\par
\tab SNRM\tab\tab\tab Spectral Norm\tab Returns the spectral norm of the given matrix.\par
\tab SRAD\tab\tab\tab\tab Spectral Radius\tab Returns the spectral radius of a square matrix.\par
\tab COND\tab\tab\tab\tab Condition Number\tab Returns the 1-norm (column norm) condition number of a square matrix.\par
\tab RANK\tab\tab\tab\tab Matrix Rank\tab Returns the rank of a rectangular matrix.\par
\tab TRACE\tab\tab\tab Matrix Trace\tab Returns the trace of a square matrix.  (The trace of a square matrix is the sum of its diagonal elements.)\par
\par
\tab HADAMARD\tab\tab Hadamard Product\tab Performs an element by element multiplication of two matrices.\par
\tab LSQ\tab\tab\tab\tab Least Squares Solution\tab Returns the minimum norm least squares solution to any system of linear equations.\par
\tab MAD\tab\tab\tab\tab Square Matrix Details\tab Returns details of a square matrix (determinant, formal inverse, characteristic polynomial, etc.)\par
\tab RSD\tab\tab\tab\tab Residual\tab Computes the residual B-AZ of the arrays B, A, and Z.\par
\par
\par
\b Fact (Factorizations)\b0\par
\tab LQ\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab LQ Factorization\tab Returns the LQ factorization of a matrix.\par
\tab LU\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab LU Decomposition\tab Returns the LU decomposition of a square matrix.\par
\tab QR\tab\tab\tab\tab QR Factorization\tab Returns the QR factorization of a matrix.\par
\tab qr\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab qr Factorization\tab Returns the qr factorization of a square matrix.\par
\tab SCHUR\tab\tab\tab Schur Decomposition\tab Returns the Schur decomposition of a square matrix.\par
\tab SVD\tab\tab\tab\tab Singular Value Decomposition\tab Returns the singular value decomposition of a matrix.\par
\tab SVL\tab\tab\tab\tab Singular Values\tab Returns the singular values of a matrix.\par
\par
\par
\b Quad (Quadratic Form)\par
\b0\tab AXQ\tab\tab\tab\tab Matrix Form to Quadratic Form\tab Returns the quadratic form of a given square matrix.\par
\tab QXA\tab\tab\tab\tab Quadratic Form to Matrix Form\tab Express a quadratic form in matrix form.\par
\tab CHOLESKY\tab\tab Cholesky Decomposition\tab Returns the Cholesky factorization of a square matrix.\par
\tab GAUSS\tab\tab\tab Gaussian Symbolic Quadratic Form\tab Return the diagonal representation of a quadratic form.\par
\tab SYLVESTER\tab\tab Sylvester Matrix\tab For a symmetric matrix A, returns D and P where D is a diagonal matrix and A = PTDP.\par
\par
\par
\b L.Sys (Linear Systems)\b0\par
\i\tab LINSOLVE\i0\tab\tab\tab\i Also in solve menu.\i0\par
\tab REF\tab\tab\tab\tab Row Echelon Form\tab Reduces a matrix to row echelon form. (Gauss Elimination)\par
\tab RREF\tab\tab\tab\tab Reduced Row Echelon Form\tab Reduces a matrix to reduced row echelon form. (Gauss-Jordan Elimination)\par
\tab rref\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Reduced Row Echelon Form (w/Pivots)\tab Reduces a matrix to reduced row echelon form, and provides a list of pivot points. (Gauss-Jordan Elimination)\par
\tab SYST2MAT\tab\tab Linear System to Matrix\tab Converts a system of linear equations in algebraic form to matrix form.\par
\par
\par
\b L.App (Linear Applications)\par
\b0\tab IMAGE\tab\tab\tab\tab Computes the basis of the image (also called the range) of a linear application.\par
\tab ISOM\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Determine the characteristics of a 2D or 3D linear isometry.\par
\tab KER\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Computes the basis of the kernel of a linear application.\par
\tab MKISOM\tab\tab\tab\tab Returns the matrix representation for a given isometry.\par
\par
\par
\b Eigenvectors\par
\b0\tab DIAGMAP\tab\tab\tab Applies an holomorphic operator to a diagonalizable matrix.\b\par
\b0\tab EGV\tab\tab\tab\tab Eigenvalues & Eigenvectors\tab Computes the eigenvalues and right eigenvectors for a square matrix.\par
\tab EGVL\tab\tab\tab\tab Eigenvalues\tab Computes the eigenvalues of a square matrix.\par
\tab JORDAN\tab\tab\tab Jordan Cycle Decomposition\tab Computes the eigenvalues, eigenvectors, minimum polynomial, and characteristic polynomial of a matrix.\par
\tab PCAR\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Returns the characteristic polynomial of an square matrix.\par
\tab PMINI\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Finds the minimal polynomial of a matrix.\par
\par
\par
\b Vector\b0\par
\tab DOT\tab\tab\tab\tab Dot Product\tab Returns the dot product A\bullet B of two arrays A and B.\par
\tab CROSS\tab\tab\tab Cross Product\tab Returns the cross product C = A x B of vectors A and B.\par
\tab V\u8594?\tab\tab\tab\tab Vector / Complex Number to Stack\tab Separates a vector or complex number into its component elements (depends on flag -19).\par
\tab\u8594?V2\tab\tab\tab\tab Stack to Vector / Complex Number\tab Converts two specified numbers into a 2-element vector or a complex number (depends on flag -19).\par
\tab\u8594?V3\tab\tab\tab\tab Stack to 3-Element Vector\tab Converts three numbers into a 3-element vector.\par
\par
GRAMSCHMIDT\tab\tab\tab Finds an orthonormal base of a vector space with respect to a given scalar product.\par
BASIS\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Given a list of vectors defining a vector sub-space of Rn, returns a list containing the vectors of a basis of the vector sub-space.\par
IBASIS\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Determines the basis of the intersection between two vector spaces.\par
}
 