{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\tx284\tx568\tx852\tx1136\tx2840\tx4544\tx7952\lang1033\b\f0\fs22 Command\tab\tab Menu Item\tab Action\tab Command Details\b0\fs20\par
DIVIS\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Divisors\tab Returns a list containing the expressions or integers that exactly divide into the input.\b\par
\b0 FACTORS\tab\tab\tab Prime Factors\tab For a value or expression, returns a list of prime factors and their multiplicities.\par
\par
\par
\b Parts\b0\par
\tab IP\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Integer Part\tab Returns the integer part of its argument.\par
\tab FP\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Fractional Part\tab Returns the fractional part of the argument.\par
\tab IM\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Imaginary Part\tab Returns the imaginary part of a complex argument.\par
\tab RE\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Real Part\tab Returns the real part of the argument.\par
\tab MANT\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Mantissa Part\tab Returns the mantissa part of the argument.\par
\tab XPON\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Exponent Part\tab Returns the exponent of the argument.\par
\tab SIGN\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Sign\tab Returns the sign of a real number argument, or the unit vector in the direction of a complex number argument.\par
\tab FXND\tab\tab\tab\tab Split Fraction\tab Splits a fractional object into its numerator and denominator.\par
\tab EQ\u8594?\tab\tab\tab\tab Split Expression Left/Right\tab Separates an equation into its left and right sides.\par
\tab EXLR\tab\tab\tab\tab Split Expression Left/Right\tab Splits the left- and right-hand sides of an equation into discrete expressions. If input is not an equation, returns the indep. variable.\par
\par
\b\par
Integer\b0\par
\tab IDIV2\tab\tab\tab\tab Integer Divide (Quotient & Remainder)\tab Divides two integers and returns the integer part of the quotient and the remainder.\par
\tab IQUOT\tab\tab\tab Integer Divide (Quotient Only)\tab Divides two integers and returns the integer part of the quotient.\par
\tab IREMAINDER\tab\tab Integer Divide (Remainder Only)\tab Divides two integers and returns the remainder.\par
\par
\tab NEXTPRIME\tab\tab Get Next Prime\tab Return the next prime number larger than the given integer.\par
\tab PREVPRIME\tab\tab Get Previous Prime\tab Return the next prime number smaller than the given integer.\par
\tab ISPRIME?\tab\tab Test for Prime\tab Tests if a number is prime.\par
\tab PA2B2\tab\tab\tab\tab Given a prime number p, returns a Gaussian integer a+ib such that p=a^2+b^2.\par
\par
\tab EULER\tab\tab\tab Euler's Totient Function\tab For a given integer, returns the number of integers less than the integer that are co-prime with the integer.\par
\tab IBERNOULLI\tab\tab Get nth Bernoulli Number\tab Returns the nth Bernoulli number for a given integer.\par
\tab ICHINREM\tab\tab Integer Chinese Remainder\tab Solves a system of two congruences in integers using the Chinese Remainder theorem.\par
\tab IABCUV\tab\tab\tab\tab From integers a, b and c, gives integers u and v such that au+bv=c.\par
\tab IEGCD\tab\tab\tab\tab Given two integers x and y, returns three integers, a, b, and c, such that ax+by=c where c is the GCD of x and y.\b\par
\par
\par
Probability\par
\b0\tab COMB\tab\tab\tab Combinations\tab Returns the number of possible combinations of n items taken m at a time.\par
\tab PERM\tab\tab\tab Permutations\tab Returns the number of possible permutations of n items taken m at a time.\par
\tab RAND\tab\tab\tab\tab Get Random Number\tab Returns a pseudo-random number generated using a seed value, and updates the seed value.\par
\tab RDZ\tab\tab\tab\tab Set Random Number Seed\tab Sets the seed used by the RAND command.\par
\par
\tab UTPC\tab\tab\tab\tab Upper Chi-Square Distribution\tab Returns the probability that a chi-square random variable is greater than x.\par
\tab UTPF\tab\tab\tab\tab Upper Snedecor's F Distribution\tab Returns the probability that a Snedecor's F random variable is greater than x.\par
\tab UTPN\tab\tab\tab\tab Upper Normal Distribution\tab Returns the probability that a normal random variable is greater than x.\par
\tab UTPT\tab\tab\tab\tab Upper Student's t Distribution\tab Returns the probability that a Student's t random variable is greater than x.\par
\par
\tab CIRC\tab\tab\tab\tab Compose Permutation\tab Composes two permutations.\par
\tab C2P\tab\tab\tab\tab Cycles to Permutation\tab Take a list of cycles and return the equivalent permutation.\par
\tab P2C\tab\tab\tab\tab Permutation to Cycles\tab Decompose a permutation into lists that represent cycles.\par
\par
\tab !\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Factorial (Gamma)\tab Returns the factorial n! of a positive integer argument, or the gamma function \u915?f0 (x+1) of a non-integer argument.\par
\tab GAMMA\tab\tab\tab\u915? (Gamma)\tab Evaluates the gamma (\u915?) function at the given point.\par
\tab Psi\tab\tab\tab\tab Digamma\tab Calculates the digamma function at the given point.. The digamma function is the derivative of the natural logarithm (ln) of the gamma function.\par
\tab PSI\tab\tab\tab\tab Polygamma\tab Calculates the polygamma function at the given point. Polygamma is the nth derivative of the digamma function. PSI(a, 0) is equivalent to Psi(a).\par
\par
\par
\b Modulo\par
\b0\tab ADDTMOD\tab\tab Modulo Add\tab Adds two expressions, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab SUBTMOD\tab\tab Modulo Subtract\tab Perform a subtraction, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab MULTMOD\tab\tab Modulo Multiply\tab Multiplies two expressions, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab DIVMOD\tab\tab\tab Modulo Divide\tab Divides two expressions, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab POWMOD\tab\tab Modulo Power\tab Raise number or expression to given power, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab EXPANDMOD\tab\tab Modulo Expand Expression\tab Expand and simplify algebraic expressions, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab FACTORMOD\tab\tab Modulo Factor Polynomial\tab Factorizes a polynomial, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab GCDMOD\tab\tab Modulo Greatest Common Divisor\tab Returns the greatest common divisor of two objects, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab INVMOD\tab\tab\tab Modulo Inversion\tab Perform modular inversion on an object, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab RREFMOD\tab\tab Modulo Reduced Row Echelon Form\tab Performs modular row-reduction to echelon form on a matrix, modulo the current modulus.\par
\tab DIV2MOD\tab\tab Modulo Euclidean Division\tab Performs euclidean division on two expressions, modulo the current modulus.\par
\par
\par
\b Graph\par
\b0\tab SIGNTAB\tab\tab\tab Expression Signs Table\tab Lists the points where an expression changes sign, and between each pair of points, the sign of the expression.\par
\tab TABVAL\tab\tab\tab Substitute Values List into Expression\tab For an expression and a list of values, stores the expression in EQ, and returns the results of substituting the values for the current variable in the expression.\par
\tab TABVAR\tab\tab\tab Expression Variation Table\tab Computes the variation table of an expression (the turning points of the function and where the function is increasing or decreasing).\par
\par
\par
\b Polynomials\par
\b0\tab DEGREE\tab\tab\tab Polynomial Degree\tab Returns the degree of a polynomial expression, or -1 if expression is zero.\par
\tab DIV2\tab\tab\tab\tab Euclidean Division (Quotient & Rem.)\tab Performs euclidean division on two expressions.\par
\tab QUOT\tab\tab\tab\tab Euclidean Division (Quotient Only)\tab Returns the quotient part of the Euclidean division of two polynomials.\par
\tab REMAINDER\tab\tab Euclidean Division (Remainder Only)\tab Returns the remainder part of the Euclidean division of two polynomials.\par
\par
\tab EPSX0\tab\tab\tab\tab Replaces all coefficients in a polynomial that have an absolute value less than that held in the CASDIR variable EPS, with 0.\par
\tab FROOTS\tab\tab\tab\tab For a rational polynomial, returns an array of its roots and poles, with their corresponding multiplicities. Inverse of FCOEF.\b\par
\b0\tab FCOEF\tab\tab\tab\tab Creates a rational polynomial with leading coefficient 1, with specified set of roots/poles, and specified multiplicities. Inverse of FROOTS.\par
\tab PROOT\tab\tab\tab Find Polynomial Roots\tab Given a polynomial's coefficients, returns its roots.\par
\tab PCOEF\tab\tab\tab Find Polynomial Coefficients\tab Returns the coefficients of a monic polynomial (leading coefficient of 1) having given roots.\par
\tab PEVAL\tab\tab\tab Evaluate Polynomial\tab Given the coefficients of a polynomial, evaluates at x.\par
\tab STURMAB\tab\tab Find Polynomial Zeroes over Range\tab Finds the number of zeroes the given polynomial has over the given closed interval.\par
\b\par
\b0\tab ABCUV\tab\tab\tab\tab From polynomials a, b and constant c, give polynomials u and v such that au+bv=c.\par
\tab EGCD\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab From polynomials a and b, returns polynomials u, v, and c, where au+bv=c and c is the GCD of a & b.\par
\par
\tab CHINREM\tab\tab Chinese Remainder\tab Solves a system of simultaneous polynomial congruences in the ring Z[x].\par
\tab GBASIS\tab\tab\tab Gr\'f6bner Basis\tab Returns a set of polynomials that are a Gr\'f6bner basis G of the ideal I generated from an input set of polynomials F.\par
\tab GREDUCE\tab\tab Gr\'f6bner Reduction\tab Reduces a polynomial with respect to a Gr\'f6bner basis.\par
\tab HORNER\tab\tab\tab\tab Executes a Horner scheme on a polynomial.\par
\tab RESULTANT\tab\tab\tab Returns the resultant of two polynomials. (The determinant of the Sylvester matrix of the two polynomials.)\par
\tab STURM\tab\tab\tab Sturm's Sequences\tab Returns a list containing the Sturm's sequences and their multiplicities of a given polynomial.\par
\par
\tab CYCLOTOMIC\tab\tab Get Cyclotomic Polynomial\tab Returns the cyclotomic polynomial of the given order.\par
\tab HERMITE\tab\tab Get Hermite Polynomial\tab Returns the nth Hermite polynomial.\par
\tab LEGENDRE\tab\tab Get Legendre Polynomial\tab Returns the nth degree Legendre polynomial.\par
\tab PTAYL\tab\tab\tab Get Taylor Polynomial\tab Returns the Taylor polynomial at x = a for given a and a specified polynomial.\par
\tab TCHEBYCHEFF\tab\tab Get Tchebycheff Polynomial\tab Return the nth Tchebycheff polynomial.\par
\par
 \par
\b List\par
\tab Elements\par
\tab\tab\b0 GET\tab\tab\tab Get Element\tab Returns the specified element from an array or list.\par
\tab\tab GETI\tab\tab\tab Get Element & Increment Index\tab Returns the specified element from an array or list, a copy of the array or list and the index of the element after the specified one.\par
\tab\tab HEAD\tab\tab\tab Get First Element\tab Returns the first element of a list or string.\par
\tab\tab TAIL\tab\tab\tab Last Listed Elements\tab Returns all but the first element of a list or string.\b\par
\tab\tab\b0 PUT\tab\tab\tab Put Element\tab Replaces the object at the specified position in the specified array or list with the given object.\par
\tab\tab PUTI\tab\tab\tab Put Element & Increment Index\tab Replaces the object at the specified position in an array or list with a given object. Returns the new array, and the index of the next position in the array or list.\par
\tab\tab SUB\tab\tab\tab Get Element Range\par
\tab\tab REPL\tab\tab\tab Replace Element Range\tab Replaces a portion of the target object with the specified object.\par
\tab\tab SIZE\par
\tab\tab POS\tab\tab\tab Find Position of Character / Element\tab Returns the position of a substring within a string or the position of an object within a list.\b\par
\par
\b0\tab\b Procedures\b0\par
\tab\tab DOLIST\tab\tab Do to List\tab Applies commands, programs, or user-defined functions to lists.\par
\tab\tab DOSUBS\tab\tab Do to Sublist\tab Applies commands, programs, or user-defined functions to groups of elements in a list.\par
\tab\tab NSUB\tab\tab\tab Number of Sublist\tab Provides a way to access the current sublist position during an iteration of a program or command applied using DOSUBS.\par
\tab\tab ENDSUB\tab\tab End Sublist\tab Provides a way to access the total number of sublists contained in the list used by DOSUBS.\par
\par
\tab\tab SEQ\tab\tab\tab Sequential Calculation\tab Generates a list of results by repeatedly running a program or algebraic through a range of values.\par
\tab\tab MAP\tab\tab\tab Apply Program to List\tab Applies the specified program to each item in a list of objects or values.\par
\tab\tab STREAM\tab\tab Stream Execution\tab Applies the specified program to each item in a list, using the previously calculated value as an argument as well.\par
\par
\tab\b Math\par
\tab\tab\b0\u931?LIST\tab\tab\tab List Sum\tab Returns the sum of the elements in a list.\par
\tab\tab\u960?LIST\tab\tab\tab List Product\tab Returns the product of the elements in a list.\i\par
\i0\tab\tab\u916?LIST\tab\tab\tab List Differences\tab Returns the first differences of all elements in a list.\par
\tab\tab ADD\tab\tab\tab Add to List\tab Adds corresponding elements of two lists or adds a number to each of the elements of a single list.\par
\tab\tab LGCD\tab\tab\tab Greatest Common Divisor (of List)\tab Returns the greatest common divisor of a list of expressions or values.\par
\i\tab LIST\i0\u8594?\tab\tab\tab\tab\i Also in Type menu.\i0\par
\tab\u8594?\i LIST\tab\tab\tab\tab Also in Type menu.\par
\i0\tab SORT\tab\tab\tab\tab Ascending Order Sort\tab Sorts the elements in a list in ascending order.\par
\tab REVLIST\tab\tab\tab Reverse List\tab Reverses the order of the elements in a list.\par
}
 